Add additionalTypes option to context for default cache invalidation (#601)
FormidableLabs/urql: docs/api/core.md

| requestPolicy       | `RequestPolicy`                       | An optional [request policy](/basics/querying-data#request-policy) that should be used specifying the cache strategy. |
| url                 | `string`                              | The GraphQL endpoint                                                                                                  |
| pollInterval        | `?number`                             | Every `pollInterval` milliseconds the query will be refetched.                                                        |
| meta                | `?OperationDebugMeta`                 | Metadata that is only available in development for devtools.                                                          |
| suspense            | `?boolean`                            | Whether suspense is enabled.                                                                                          |
| preferGetMethod     | `?number`                             | Instructs the `fetchExchange` to use HTTP GET for queries.                                                            |

> | additionalTypenames | `?number`                             | Allows you to tell the operation that it has dependencies on certain typenames (used in document-cache.)              |

Author: Sorry I had to add spaces to get everything to line up nicely

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| additionalTypenames | `?number`                             | Allows you to tell the operation that it depends on certain typenames (used in document-cache.)              |
```
